front: connect to the STDCM api (#1860)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: front/README.md

[![Front](https://github.com/DGEXSolutions/osrd/actions/workflows/front.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/DGEXSolutions/osrd/actions/workflows/front.yml)

## Coding style Policy

### Javascript / Javascript-React

> * ESLint is used as linter and prettier as formatter. Both are configured as devDependencies to enforce default eslint configuration eventually overidden by [airbnb rules](https://https://airbnb.io/javascript/) translation. Few rules (see eslintrc) has been disabled and will be re-enabled in the near future):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ESLint is used as linter and prettier as formatter. Both are configured as devDependencies to enforce default eslint configuration eventually overidden by [airbnb rules](https://https://airbnb.io/javascript/) translation. A few rules (see eslintrc) has been disabled and will be re-enabled in the near future):
```

   * 'no-named-as-default': 'off',
   * 'react/jsx-props-no-spreading': 0,
   * 'react/static-property-placement': 0,
   * 'import/no-extraneous-dependencies': 0,

> * eslint rules eventualy uncompatible with prettier usage are disabled, yet these styling erros will be shown as prettier issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* eslint rules incompatible with prettier usage are disabled, yet these styling errors will be displayed as prettier issues.
```
